# R-Assignment
Hospitals United States 

Assignment-2 :
              This second programming assignment will require you to write an R function is able to cache potentially time-consuming computations. For example, taking the mean of a numeric vector is typically a fast operation. However, for a very long vector or a matrix, the computation takes time, if it is to be done repeatedly. If the contents of a vector/matrix  are not changing, it isbetter to cache the value of the mean so that when it is needed can be looked up in the cache rather than computing it all over again. Here we compute the inverse of a matrix and cache it so that if it is recomputed we use the cached matrix rather than computing it all over again. I have included a time lapse that gives you the actual and cache time. 
              
Assignment-3 :
             This programming assigment is used to rank the hospitals of a state and findout the best hospital in each of the  states in the given data. The data is taken from Hospital Compare web site (http://hospitalcompare.hhs.gov) run by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. The purpose of the web site is to provide data and information about the quality of care at over 4,000 Medicare-certified hospitals in the U.S. This dataset essentially covers all major U.S. hospitals. This dataset is used for a variety of purposes, including determining whether hospitals should be fined for not providing high quality care to patients (see http://goo.gl/jAXFX) for some background on this particular topic).